| [**Main Page**](../README.md) | [**How to Use PyPRS**](How%20to%20Use%20PyPRS.md) | [**Output**](Output.md) | [**A Demo Application**](A%20Demo%20Application.md) |

# The Output of PyPRS
### Output

When the procedure completes, the **Results** frame will show a `Complete solving` message. It will also provide the paths to the output files that have been saved to the `Output` folder.

## 📑 Summary Results
The `SummaryResults.txt` file stores the Summary Results, logging the outcome of each macroreplication by specifying which alternative was ultimately selected. As mentioned, the path to this file appears in the **Results** frame upon completion.
The data within `SummaryResults.txt` is organized as follows:
- **Structure**:
  - The first part specifies the procedure that was selected.
  - The second part details the outcome of each macroreplication for the selected procedure.
    - `Best Alternative`: The parameter information for the ultimately selected alternative in this macroreplication.
    - `Total Simulation Time`: The total time spent generating simulation samples in this macroreplication.
    - `Wall-Clock Time`: The actual time taken to complete this macroreplication.
    - `Total Sample Size`: The total number of samples generated by the end of this macroreplication.
    - `Utilization`: A measure of processors efficiency in parallel computing. It represents how busy processors were, on average, while running the procedure.
      ($\text{Utilization}=\frac{\text{Total Simulation Time}}{\text{Number of Processors}\times\text{Wall-Clock Time}}$)
  - The third part presents the mean of all scalar performance outputs, based on all macroreplications (95% confidence intervals are calculated when the number of macroreplications is 10 or greater).
- **Example Format**:
```markdown
GSP Results
==================================================

Macroreplication 1 Results:
  Best Alternative: [1646, 6, 7, 7, 12, 8]
  Total Simulation Time: 117.94492268562317
  Wall-Clock Time: 9.584534406661987
  Total Sample Size: 526473
  Utilization: 0.7691096254741022

Macroreplication 2 Results:
...

==================================================
Summary Statistics:
--------------------------------------------------
Total Simulation Time:
  Mean: 110.3765
  95% Confidence Interval: (105.1407, 115.6124)

Wall-Clock Time:
  Mean: 8.2352
  95% Confidence Interval: (7.7135, 8.7570)

Total Sample Size:
  Mean: 527414.4000
  95% Confidence Interval: (517034.3524, 537794.4476)

Utilization:
  Mean: 0.8393
  95% Confidence Interval: (0.8210, 0.8576)
```

## 📈 Detailed Results
Because different procedures have different implementation logic, the **Detailed Results** that need to be recorded also differ. For this reason, PyPRS cannot provide **Detailed Results** for a user-defined Custom Procedure.

The **Detailed Results** are saved to the `DetailedResults.txt` file. Figures are then generated based on the statistical mean of the **Detailed Results** from all macroreplications. Furthermore, when the number of macroreplications is greater than or equal to 10, a 95% confidence interval is also generated. The paths to these files and figures appear in the **Results** frame upon completion.

This section will detail the Detailed Results for each built-in procedure.
### Detailed Results for GSP
For the GSP procedure, the **Detailed Results** log detailed performance measures from its three implementation stages. The specific meanings of these detailed performance measures are as follows:

- `Current Max Mean`: The maximum sample mean after completing the current stage in this macroreplication.
- `Cumulative Simulation Time (s)`: The cumulative time spent generating simulation samples after completing the current stage in this macroreplication.
- `Cumulative Sample Size`: The cumulative number of samples generated by the end of this current stage in this macroreplication.
- `Wall-Clock Time (s)`: The actural time taken from the start of the first stage to the end of the current stage in this macroreplication.
- `Number of Surviving Alternatives`: The number of remaining alternatives at the end of the current stage in this macroreplication.
- `Utilization`: A measure of processor utilization up to the end of the current stage in this macroreplication.

The file `DetailedResults.txt` contains the detailed results, which are organized by macroreplication. Within every macroreplication, the data for each stage is presented in the following order: Stage 1, Stage 2 Round 1, ..., Stage 2 Round 10, and Stage 3. The metrics displayed for each stage include: `Current Max Mean`, `Cumulative Simulation Time (s)`, `Cumulative Sample Size`, `Wall-Clock Time (s)`, `Number of Surviving Alternatives`, and `Utilization`. Refer to the example below for a specific illustration.

The example format of `DetailedResults.txt`:

```markdown
GSP Detailed Results
==============================

Macroreplication 1 Results:
--------------------
Stage 1:
  Current Max Mean: 5.965340744365814
  Cumulative Simulation Time (s): 60.01747965812683
  Cumulative Sample Size: 162450
  Wall-Clock Time (s): 5.225084543228149
  Utilization: 0.7179008200918862
  Number of Surviving Alternatives: 1461

Stage 2 Round 1:
  Current Max Mean: 5.83715423797851
  Cumulative Simulation Time (s): 95.95023679733276
  Cumulative Sample Size: 383315
  Wall-Clock Time (s): 7.8184897899627686
  Utilization: 0.7670138301557922
  Number of Surviving Alternatives: 243

...

Stage 3:
  Current Max Mean: 5.861763948348127
  Cumulative Simulation Time (s): 120.10308980941772
  Cumulative Sample Size: 526473
  Wall-Clock Time (s): 9.723674774169922
  Number of Surviving Alternatives: 1
  Utilization: 0.771975954299583

====================

Macroreplication 2 Results:
...
```
The `Figures` section contains six plots, each illustrating the progression of a specific metric over the various stages. These metrics are `Current Max Mean`, `Cumulative Simulation Time (s)`, `Cumulative Sample Size`, `Wall-Clock Time (s)`, `Number of Surviving Alternatives`, and `Utilization`. For each stage, the data point represents the average value and the corresponding 95% confidence interval, computed from all macroreplications at that particular stage. 

Note: The 95% confidence intervals are rendered on the plots only if the number of macroreplications is at least 10.

The example format of `Figures`:

**添加图片**



### Detailed Results for the KT Procedure
For the KT procedure, the selection stage is divided into multiple tournament-style rounds, and the **Detailed Results** log the detailed performance measures from each round as follows:

- `Current Max Mean`: The maximum sample mean after completing the current round in this macroreplication.
- `Cumulative Simulation Time (s)`: The cumulative time spent generating simulation samples from the start of this macroreplication to the end of the current round.
- `Cumulative Sample Size`: The cumulative number of samples generated from the start of this macroreplication to the end of the current round.
- `Wall-Clock Time (s)`: The actural time taken from the start of this macroreplication to the end of the current round.

The file `DetailedResults.txt` contains the detailed results, which are organized by macroreplication. Within every macroreplication, the data for each round is presented in the following order: Round 1, Round 2, and so on. The metrics displayed for each round include: `Current Max Mean`, `Cumulative Simulation Time (s)`, `Cumulative Sample Size`, and `Wall-Clock Time (s)`. Refer to the example below for a specific illustration.

The example format of `DetailedResults.txt`:
```markdown
KT Detailed Results
==============================

Macroreplication 1 Results:
--------------------
Round 1:
  Current Max Mean: 6.011148701619706
  Cumulative Simulation Time (s): 58.446797370910645
  Cumulative Sample Size: 165309
  Wall-Clock Time (s): 4.7057976722717285

Round 2:
...
====================

Macroreplication 2 Results:
...
```
The `Figures` section contains four plots, each illustrating the progression of a specific metric over the various rounds. These metrics are `Current Max Mean`, `Cumulative Simulation Time (s)`, `Cumulative Sample Size` and `Wall-Clock Time (s)`. For each round, the data point represents the average value and the corresponding 95% confidence interval, computed from all macroreplications at that particular round. 

Note: The 95% confidence intervals are rendered on the plots only if the number of macroreplications is at least 10.


The example format of `Figures`:

**添加图片**


### Detailed Results for the PASS Procedure
For the PASS procedure, which uses a queue-based method for parallelization, the **Detailed Results** log detailed performance measures from each interception of the queue. The specific meanings of these detailed performance measures are as follows:
- `Current Max Mean`: The maximum sample mean after completing the current interceptor in this macroreplication.
- `Cumulative Sample Size`: The cumulative number of samples generated from the start of this macroreplication to the current interceptor.
- `Wall-Clock Time (s)`: The actural time taken from the start of this macroreplication to the current interceptor.
- `Standard Mu`: The average of the sample means of all surviving alternatives after completing the current interception in this macroreplication.
- `Number of Surviving Alternatives`: The number of remaining alternatives at the end of the current interceptor in this macroreplication.
- `Current Minimum Sample Size`: The minimum sample size of all surviving alternatives after completing the current interception in this macroreplication.

The file `DetailedResults.txt` contains the detailed results, which are organized by macroreplication. Within every macroreplication, the data is presented in the following order: Data Collection Phase, Interceptor 1, Interceptor 2, and so on. The metrics displayed for each of these stages include: `Current Max Mean`, `Cumulative Sample Size`, `Wall-Clock Time (s)`, `Standard Mu`, `Number of Surviving Alternatives` and `Current Minimum Sample Size`. Refer to the example below for a specific illustration.

The example format of `DetailedResults.txt`:
```markdown
PASS Detailed Results
==============================

Macroreplication 1 Results:
--------------------
Data Collection Phase:
  Current Max Mean: 6.207356586687277
  Cumulative Sample Size: 32490
  Wall-Clock Time (s): 3.668546438217163
  Standard Mu: 2.5312306211370683
  Number of Surviving Alternatives: 3249
  Current Minimum Sample Size: 10

Interceptor 1:
  Current Max Mean: 6.207356586687277
  Cumulative Sample Size: 32590
  Wall-Clock Time (s): 3.7105441093444824
  Standard Mu: 2.5478639930200124
  Number of Surviving Alternatives: 3200
  Current Minimum Sample Size: 10

Interceptor 2:
...
====================

Macroreplication 2 Results:
...
```

The `Figures` section contains five plots, each illustrating the progression of a specific metric over the various interceptors. These metrics are `Current Max Mean`, `Cumulative Sample Size`, `Wall-Clock Time (s)`, `Standard Mu`, `Number of Surviving Alternatives` and `Current Minimum Sample Size`. For each interceptor, the data point represents the average value and the corresponding 95% confidence interval, computed from all macroreplications at that particular interceptor. 

Note: The 95% confidence intervals are rendered on the plots only if the number of macroreplications is at least 10.


**添加图片**


### Detailed Results for the FBKT Procedure
For the FBKT procedure, the selection stage is divided into multiple tournament-style rounds with seeded alternatives, and the **Detailed Results** log the detailed performance measures from each round as follows:
- `Current Max Mean`: The maximum sample mean after completing the current round in this macroreplication.
- `Cumulative Simulation Time (s)`: The cumulative time spent generating simulation samples from the start of this macroreplication to the end of the current round.
- `Cumulative Sample Size`: The cumulative number of samples generated from the start of this macroreplication to the end of the current round.
- `Wall-Clock Time (s)`: The actural time taken from the start of this macroreplication to the end of the current round.

The file `DetailedResults.txt` contains the detailed results, which are organized by macroreplication. Within every macroreplication, the data for each round is presented in the following order: Seeding Stage, Round 1, Round 2, and so on. The metrics displayed for each round include: `Current Max Mean`, `Cumulative Simulation Time (s)`, `Cumulative Sample Size`, and `Wall-Clock Time (s)`. Refer to the example below for a specific illustration.

The example format of `DetailedResults.txt`:
```markdown
FBKT Detailed Results
==============================

Macroreplication 1 Results:
--------------------
Seeding Stage:
  Current Max Mean: 6.327721876658027
  Cumulative Simulation Time (s): 46.36060857772827
  Cumulative Sample Size: 48735
  Wall-Clock Time (s): 3.8846404552459717

Round 1:
  Current Max Mean: 6.327721876658027
  Cumulative Simulation Time (s): 54.57764410972595
  Cumulative Sample Size: 100479
  Wall-Clock Time (s): 4.400677919387817

Round 2:
...
====================

Macroreplication 2 Results:
...
```

The `Figures` section contains four plots, each illustrating the progression of a specific metric over the various rounds. These metrics are `Current Max Mean`, `Cumulative Simulation Time (s)`, `Cumulative Sample Size` and `Wall-Clock Time (s)`. For each round, the data point represents the average value and the corresponding 95% confidence interval, computed from all macroreplications at that particular round. 

Note: The 95% confidence intervals are rendered on the plots only if the number of macroreplications is at least 10.


The example format of `Figures`:

**添加图片**



<p align="right"><a href="./A%20Demo%20Application.md"> Proceed to A Demo Application</a></p>
